Update instructions to run osv-scanner (#24471)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/code_analysis/faq/_index.md

### Does the analyzer runs on Windows?

> The Datadog Static Analyzer supports Windows since version 0.4.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Datadog Static Analyzer version 0.4.1 or higher is supported on Windows.
```
